_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Project Associate at <a href="https://www.prl.res.in/prl-eng/">PRL</a>
profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

---

- I am a Project Associate at Quantum and Science Technology lab in the Physical Research Laboratory.

- My research interests are centered on Quantum Key Distribution, and I'm particularly excited about implementing Quantum Networking protocols in real-world scenarios.

- My educational foundations are built on a Master's Degree in Physics from the [Hindu College](https://hinducollege.ac.in), preceded by a Bachelor’s Degree in Physics from [Jamia Millia Islamia](https://jmi.ac.in).

- Born and raised in Bihar, India, I have now made my home in the vibrant city of Ahmedabad.

- For a deeper look into my professional journey and accomplishments, please feel free to check out my [CV](https://ssawarn.github.io/assets/pdf/resume_13_04.pdf).

Commit message:

several updates in about and image

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Doctoral student at <a href="https://www.uibk.ac.at/en/exphys/research/quantum-interfaces/">QIG</a>
profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

---

- I am currently a doctoral student in the [Quantum Interfaces group](https://www.uibk.ac.at/en/exphys/research/quantum-interfaces/) at Universität Innsbruck.

- My research focuses on the experimental demonstration of quantum network using <sup>40</sup>Ca<sup>+</sup> ion-cavity sytem.

- Previously, I was a research intern at the [Quantum and Science Technology lab](https://www.prl.res.in/~rpsingh/QSTProgram/index.html) at the Physical Research Laboratory.

- I hold a Master's degree in Physics from [Hindu College](https://hinducollege.ac.in) and a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from [Jamia Millia Islamia](https://jmi.ac.in).

- Born and raised in Bihar, India, I have journeyed from Patna to Delhi and now to Innsbruck.

- For a deeper look into my professional journey, please feel free to check out my [CV](https://ssawarn.github.io/assets/pdf/resume_13_04.pdf).
